---
published: true
title: "Hardware and software recommendations"
---

Here are the tools I use to get work done, written in the style of one of my
favorite [blogs](https://usesthis.com/)  
 

## What hardware do I use? 

My lab has generously provided a 2015 13-inch MacBook Pro with 16 GB of RAM
and a Retina display that makes makes the displays on old MacBooks look fuzzy. 
When I'm at my desk, I plug into an 24 inch Dell external monitor (also
generously provided by my advisor) and arrange the displays so they're stacked
on top of each other. I pull my git repo's and run any run any time consuming computations  on Northwestern's
[computing cluster](https://www.it.northwestern.edu/research/user-services/quest/). 

I've been an iPhone user since college, briefly used an Android phone but then 
mostly due to peer pressure switched back to my current iPhone 7. 


## What software do I use?

On my Mac, f.lux is a must-have and I use LaunchBar instead of Spotlight. I have
Microsfot Office installed, but  make presentations with Google Slides and write
documents in LaTeX.

I live in Google Chrome (with the LastPass and Paperpile extensions installed)
and iTerm2 (the 'Hot Key Window' is it's killer feature).

Sublime Text 2 (with the Git Gutter package and Vintage Mode turned ON) is my
text editor of choice (NB: https://forum.sublimetext.com/t/vintage-mode-not-
working/4807/5). I use it to write R or Python functions, LaTeX files, Markdown
files etc. git is essential for tracking and collaborating on all of these text
files. I don't know  what I did before Jupyter notebooks for exploratory
analyses.

<!-- I've eschewed any kind of calendar or task manager software for my personal work
and have found that a 
physical planner works best for me.  -->

On my iPhone, my favorite apps include: WhatsApp, LastPass, Spotify, Overcast,
the NY Times, Dark Sky, and Transit.





